Some specs of my machine:
Python 3.8.1
Window 10
PyCharm 2019.3.3 x64
Google Chrome

I started over from HW3 so stuff like 301 and 404 does not exist anymore

Note, I used pycharm to develope this code
Please clean cookies =)

1.)
To run my program

In the same directory as my tcpserver.py

In a command line, do:
python tcpserver.py
(I'm using python 3.8.1)

In a browser (I used Chrome), go to localhost:8000/comments
Please make sure port 8000 is not taken

There should be a form with label "Enter your name" and "Comments
This form exist within my comment.html

In the name label: enter user1
In the comment label: enter hello world!
press submit

In the name label: enter user2
In the comment label: enter hello world2!
press submit

the second comment should be below the first. The text is stored in comment.txt file.

That conclude my objective 1

2.)
Please use only png images
go to localhost:8000
There is another form that is used to upload image
Please make sure to use .png images

images binary are stored in images_dict dictionary in getrequest.py, not actually in file form
Restarting my code will erase any previously uploaded images

I have 2 .png ready to use in the same folder, random.png and random2.png

click Choose File, click random.png, click submit, click Go Home!
click Choose File, click random2.png, click submit, click Go Home!
click Choose File, click random.png, click submit, click Go Home!

That conclude my objective 2

click Go to images, there should be 3 images displayed that is my objective 4

The image is saved image1.png, image2.png, image3.png ect

Click on image1.png and browser should show you just the image
Click on Download image1.png and browser should download the image

That conclude my objective 3



The architecture of my software:
Objective 1 is very similar to HW3 query strings but we're using form instead of directly using the url.

Objective 2 was the hardest part. My code basically search for the boundary of the recv() that should be at the end of the image file.
Once it is it found, the rest is just bytes string parsing.

Objective 3 and 4 is kinda the same idea that is in serving an image in HW3, but with more images.